The year was 1968
Height of the Vietnam war. A young-ish Sheeple was stationed in Da Nang. It was on a crisp February morning when he and some fellow soldiers were walking the streets in search of some sandwiches that he saw her. Their gazes met for a moment. She quickly looked away. His eyes did not move, instead fixing her with confident interest. She was growing on him as he simply watched. She looked back then away again, then back again. He smiled from under his hippie mustache, showing a golden tooth. She blushed, grabbing her elbow around her thin body. He approached her.
"How you doin’, beautiful?"
She looked confused. How silly of him! He forgot that the Vietnamese didn’t speak English, they spoke European.
"Hola, my name-o is Sheeple. What’s yourso?"
"Tinh duc?" she answered, still a bit unsure of what the G.I. was saying.
"Tinh. Beautiful.."
She nodded and grabbed him by the arm.
"Oh? Are you taking me on a romantic walk? Lead on then, sweetheart!"

They strolled by the side of the river. There were ducks. Finally, she led him to a house. It was small and rather shabby, but he could tell its owner was doing their best to keep it homely.
"Ah, brought me home, you little she-wolf. Just can’t resist the Sheeple charm, can you?"
Keeping the details to a minimum, it’s safe to say they made love. They made love like nobody else ever did. As he was getting dressed, Sheeple realized something. He had become wildly in love with her.
"Listen," he said, taking her hand. "Once this goddamn war is over, I’m taking you home. To America. I’ll make you my wife and we’ll live a happy life with lots of little kids, and one of them we’ll force to become a doctor so we can get free medical care."
She smiled. That was enough for him.
"Take these," he said, handing her a few dollars. "I know it ain’t much, but this war can’t be kind to you."
"Merci." she said.
"De nada, baby."

He had planned to return to her the next day, but that night all hell broke loose. The Viet Cong was attacking the airbase. It was chaos. G.I. Joes dying everywhere. The blood, the screaming… the humanity. They fought for half a day, but freedom prevailed. Major General Robertson was happy to report to president Johnson that the U.S. had been victorious. But at a cost…

Private Sheeple wasn’t allowed to leave the base for days. He had been headbutted by a talking tree and had bitten his tongue. It was a very long few days for him, for he was yearning to see Tinh again. See if she was safe. When he was finally allowed to leave, he jump off his infirmary bed and rushed out of the base like his life depended on it. My grandfather was there when it happened. He too was bedridden after eating some questionable noodles courtesy of the Viet Cong guerrilla tactics infiltration teams. He saw private Sheeple storm out with his own eyes.
"What was that about?" he recalled asking a nurse.
"Love, private Impaleson. Love."

But back to our hero, the following minutes were the most difficult of Sheeple’s life. Was she alright? Had she been hurt? Was she even still alive? Those were the questions echoing incessantly in his mind as he ran to her house through the blistering heat and the horrendous humidity. He did not even knock, he just kicked the door open.
"Tinh!"
She was there and looked completely unharmed. In fact, she seemed to be having a fun time. Alongside sergeant Watson, corporal Schmidt and privates Lawson and Jenkins. This time, it is truly best that the details are left untold.

He was shattered. Horrified. Angry. Crippled for life. It was then that he developed perhaps the worst affliction of all… the B.S.. Boomer syndrome. The anger never went away. "Never again" was his first thought after waking up for the rest of his life. Never again. Years later he went on to co-write a song with Kelly Clarkson and some guy. He was taken off the credits after a rage episode triggered by a lack of spicy wings in the studio fridge scared Ms. Clarkson to death. Figuratively. She’s still alive, but she will never be the same again. Which perhaps is for the best. Perhaps we must all share a bit of the burden in support of the veterans.

Sheeple was given a bunch of medals and decorations for his service. Got honourably discharged as a lieutenant. He gave his Purple Heart to charity and sold or just lost the rest of them. All he kept was his war helmet. On it, a Summer of Love ’67 sticker and, written in Viet Cong blood,
"Never again".